# Test for Consultancy with the D&A Education Team

This repository contains my assessment for the following roles at **UNICEF Data and Analytics** :
- Learning and Skills Data Analyst Consultant (Req. #581598)
- Household Survey Data Analyst Consultant (Req. #581656)
- Administrative Data Analyst (Req. #581696)
- Microdata Harmonization Consultant (Req. #581699)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## 🗂️ Structure of the folder

The structure is the following.

- data : folder containing raw, cleaned and analysis data
	- 01_raw
		- data_unicef_anc4_sab_raw.csv : ANC4 and SAB data from UNICEF, download using UNICEF API
		- On-track and off-track countries.xlsx : under-five mortality country classification
		- WPP2022_GEN_F01_DEMOGRAPHIC_INDICATORS_COMPACT_REV1 : population data from UNICEF
	- 02_clean
		- data_unicef_anc4_sab_clean.csv : clean ANC4 and SAB data
		- data_combined.csv : dataset combining population, under-five mortality classification, ANC4 and SAB data
	- 03_final
		- data_2022pop-weighted-coverage_anc4_sab_mortality-class.csv : ANC4 and SAB average for on-track and off-track countries. This is the final data we draw the analysis from.
	- renv : folder generated by R package renv to ensure reproducibility of the work. It contains list of the packages used by the initial author so that any collaborator can work with a similar R session.
	- report 
		- report_anc4_sab.pdf : final report on ANC4 and SAB coverage.
	- scripts : scripts called by the run_project.R main script. Each corresponds to a particular task
		- 1-import_unicef_data.R : load ANC4 and SAB data using UNICEF API. Clean and save them.
		- 2-create_analysis_data.R : clean the population and classification dataset, combine them with ANC4/SAB data.
		- 3-pop-weighted-coverage.R : compute average ANC4 and SAB for on-track and off-track countries.
		- 4-report.Rmd : generate a PDF report of the analysis
- renv.lock : file read by the run_project.R script to restore R session of the initial author and ensure reproducibility of the script.
- run_project.R : main script where packages are loaded and task-specific scripts are called. **This is the script to run to generate the report**.
- .gitignore : list of exceptions when commiting files to the Github repository
- .Rhistory : R-specific file 
- .Rprofile : R-specific file
- Consultancy-Assessment.Rproj R file opening the full project in a R session

------------------------------------------------------------------------


## 📋 Instructions

-   Open the project
-   Open the run_project.R script and uncomment the line 34 to restore the environment of the initial author (installation/loading of the packages)
-   Run the entire script.
-   The analysis report is generated in the "report" folder.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
